[DOCS-1265]DOCS-1291]DOCS-1253][DOCS-1255] Docs updates for runs (#1144)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/track/runs/_index.md

Each run in W&B has a [unique identifier known as a *run ID*]({{< relref "#unique-run-identifiers" >}}). [You can specify a unique ID]({{< relref "#unique-run-identifiers" >}}) or let [W&B randomly generate one for you]({{< relref "#autogenerated-run-ids" >}}).

> Each run also has a human-readable, non-unique identifier known as a [*run name*]({{< relref "#name-your-run" >}}). You can specify a name for your run or let W&B randomly generate one for you. You can rename a run after initializing it.

Author: ```suggestion
Each run also has a human-readable, non-unique [run name]({{< relref "#name-your-run" >}}). You can specify a name for your run or let W&B randomly generate one for you. You can rename a run after initializing it.
```

```
{{% /alert %}}

> If you [group runs]({{< relref "grouping.md" >}}) into experiments, you can move it into or out of a group or from one group to another.

Author: ```suggestion
If you [group runs]({{< relref "grouping.md" >}}) into experiments, you can move a run into or out of a group or from one group to another.
```

Each run has a state that describes the current status of the run. See [Run states]({{< relref "#run-states" >}}) for a full list of possible run states.

## Run states
The proceeding table describes the possible states a run can be in: 

| State | Description |
| ----- | ----- |

> | `Crashed` | Run stopped sending heartbeats in the internal process, which can happen if the machine crashes. | 

Reviewer: Summoning @kptkin  to review this portion.

Author: Mostly I just sorted this list alphabetically rather than by whatever the rubric was before.

| `Failed` | Run ended with a non-zero exit status. | 

> | `Finished`| Run ended and fully synced data, or called `wandb.finish()`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Finished`| Run ended and fully synced data, or called `Run.finish()`. |
```
i'm trying to think what is the best way to avoid usage of global methods of the run. It makes it harder for us to support multi-run cases

run = wandb.init(entity="<project>", project="<project>", name="<run-name>")
```

### Rename a run

> After it is initialized, you can rename a run from your workspace or its **Runs** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you initialize a run, you can rename that run from your workspace or its **Runs** page.
```

1. Navigate to your W&B project.
1. Select the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab from the project sidebar.
1. Search or scroll to the run you want to rename.

>   Hover over the run name, click the three vertical dots, then click **Rename run**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Hover over the run name, click the three vertical dots, then click **Rename run**.
```

Where values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) are placeholders for the actual values of the team name, project name, and run ID.

### Customize how runs are displayed

> You can customize how runs are displayed in your project from the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab, which share display settings.

Author: ```suggestion
You can customize how runs are displayed in your project from the **Workspace** or **Runs** tabs. Both tabs use the same display configuration.
```

> 

Reviewer: Found this part a little confusing: "...runs are displayed in your project from the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab, which share display settings". Maybe break up into two sentences?

Author: PTAL about my update

To customize which columns are visible:
1. Above the list of runs, click **Columns**.
1. Click the name of a hidden column to show it. Click the name of a visible column to hide it.
  

>   You can optionally search by column name using fuzzy search, an exact match, or regular expressions. Drag columns to change their order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally search by column name using fuzzy search, an exact match, or regular expressions. Drag columns to change their order.
```

Author: Actually I needed two more spaces -- it is supposed to be within the same numbered step.

>   You can optionally search by column name using fuzzy search, an exact match, or regular expressions. Drag columns to change their order.

Author: ```suggestion
    You can optionally search by column name using fuzzy search, an exact match, or regular expressions. Drag columns to change their order.
```

> 1. Click **Done** to close the column browser.

Reviewer: Do we need a numbered list with only one item?

Author: No, but it won't be with the extra spaces in the line before!

{{< img src="/images/data_vis/group.png" alt="The truth distribution shows small errors: 8s and 2s are confused for 7s and 9s for 2s." >}}

> By default, this turns other numeric columns into histograms showing the distribution of values for that column across the group. Grouping is helpful for understanding higher-level patterns in your data. 

Author: ```suggestion
By default, this turns other numeric columns into histograms that each show the distribution of values for that column across the group. Grouping is helpful for understanding higher-level patterns in your data. 
```
